content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: More about me
type: about
---
An Agile Management Consultant with experience of supporting Individuals, Teams and Leadership with capabilities that allow for agility within  the buiness. My goal on every engagement is to help the people 
and the organisation create ways of working that helps deliver value to their customer consistently and indefinitely. Some of the outcomes i have delivered include unlocking creativity at work, helping organisations to respond quicker and deliver value to customers. 

I have over 20 years experience in Applications Development and Delivery (as a developer, Software Developer in Test, Test and Release Manager, Scrum Master and Enterprise Agile Coach) coupled continuous research on better Ways of Working and leading, Behavioural Economics, Psychologcal Safety and Goal setting framework such as OKRs. I have helped organisation organisation adopt Agile frameworks such as Scrum, SAFE, Kanban & Lean and I have remained largely agnostic. I am guided by an approach that has been applied across a varied number of industries.

My domain experience include Media & Broadcasting, E-Commerce,  Government, Investment Banking & Finance, Insurance and Online Betting.

Commit message:

fixed my personal profile page

content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: More about me
type: about
---
An Agile Management Consultant with varied experiences over the last 20 years.  My mission as I understand it today is enabling Individuals, Teams and whole Organisations with capabilities that allow for building business agility with organisations. Reflecting on the last five client’s engagements, leaders reach out to me to help to deliver key initiatives, and my approach include some of the following.



-	Helping to build the team’s maturity and capability to solve complex problems.
-	Support the team to develop and own a wholistic product testing strategy that is executed by the entire team
-	Bringing focus to the teams’ work and realignment to organisational strategy.
-	Embedding sound product management practices that span discovery, delivery and validation into teams.
-	Helping teams to adopt a continuous improvement and customer obsessive mindset guided metrics built on the Evidence Based Management principles.


Previous job titles includes Software Developer, Software Developer in Test, Business Analysts, QA Automation Engineer, Test and Release Manager, Scrum Master, Delivery Lead, Head of Delivery, Project Manager, PMO Manager and Product Owner. Working with one of the foremost agile consultancies in the world, [ThoughtWorks](https://www.thoughtworks.com/) gave me an "expert generalist" background and I have remained technically minded throughout the years. Here is a [github repo](https://github.com/samueladesoga) where you can snoop on some of my work.


I have a read a blog every day since 2006 and I continue to research on topic such as: Better Ways of Working and leading, Behavioural Economics, System Thinking, Complexity, Psychological Safety and Goal setting framework such as OKRs. I have helped many organisations adopt Agile frameworks such as Scrum, SAFE, Kanban & Lean and I have remained largely agnostic in methods. I am guided by an approach that has been applied across a varied number of industries.

My domain experience includes Media & Broadcasting, E-Commerce, Government, Investment Banking & Finance, Insurance, Capital Markets, FinTech, HealthTech, Banking, Online Betting and SaaS.

If you interested in working with me, please reach out to me [ValueHut Consulting contact page](https://www.valuehut.co/contact-us) or send me an email at samuel@valuehut.co
