+++
date = "2010-03-27 13:02:00"
title = "Fixing the annoying XP Antivirus 2009 OR 2010"
draft = "false"
categories = ["Software Testing"]
tags = ["sysadmin", "windows", "xp antirus 2009"]
author = "samueladesoga"
+++

&gt;This is not a post directly related to my blog but i am sure there are few people out there that might be facing same issues. In the last one week i had friends whose windows machines have been infected the XP Antivirus 2010, which seems to be a clone of XP Antivirus 2009. The symptoms include that you are get annoyings popups asking you to pay for an antivirus, i hope you have exposed yourself already.<br /><br />There are so many ways to fix this problems.<br /><br />The first one is a biased solution, which is ditch your windows machine and buy a macOsx or format your machine and install ubuntu. Well i guess that wouldnt be a popular option.<br /><br />So i have an alternative:<br /><br />1. Install <a href="http://www.malwarebytes.org/">Malwarebytes</a>, it is quite a good tool to remove malware from your machine.<br /> You would notice that it would detect quite a number of malware, make sure after the full scan, you remove all the infections detected.<br /><br />You are also gonna notice that, .exe files would not work after you have deleted the threats discovered by Malwarebytes.<br /><br />2. To fix .exe files not working, follow the steps described below.<br /><br />Have the following text copied into a notepad :-<br /><br />------Start --------Do not copy this line, copy starting next line ----------------<br /><br />Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\.exe]<br />@="exefile"<br />"Content Type"="application/x-msdownload"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\.exe\PersistentHandler]<br />@="{098f2470-bae0-11cd-b579-08002b30bfeb}"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile]<br />@="Application"<br />"EditFlags"=hex:38,07,00,00<br />"TileInfo"="prop:FileDescription;Company;FileVersion"<br />"InfoTip"="prop:FileDescription;Company;FileVersion;Create;Size"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\DefaultIcon]<br />@="%1"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shell]<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shell\open]<br />"EditFlags"=hex:00,00,00,00<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shell\open\command]<br />@="\"%1\" %*"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shell\runas]<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shell\runas\command]<br />@="\"%1\" %*"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex]<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex\DropHandler]<br />@="{86C86720-42A0-1069-A2E8-08002B30309D}"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex\PropertySheetHandlers]<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex\PropertySheetHandlers\PEAnalyser]<br />@="{09A63660-16F9-11d0-B1DF-004F56001CA7}"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex\PropertySheetHandlers\PifProps]<br />@="{86F19A00-42A0-1069-A2E9-08002B30309D}"<br /><br />[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\exefile\shellex\PropertySheetHandlers\ShimLayer Property Page]<br />@="{513D916F-2A8E-4F51-AEAB-0CBC76FB1AF8}"<br /><br />-----------End--------------Do not copy this line. Copy till the end of previous line------------<br /><br />Boot the computer in safe mode with networking<br /><br />- Usually by tapping F8 when the computer boots up<br /><br />Open My Computer, Click on tools and then folder options.<br /><br />Select - "Show hidden files and folders"<br />              - Uncheck "Hide protected operating system files"<br /><br />Apply and then OK<br /><br />For XP :-<br /><br />5. Navigate to C:\Documents and Settings\%userprofile%\Local Settings\Application Data<br />Look for either of the following files :-<br /><br />- av.exe<br />- msascui.exe<br /><br />And delete these files .... Hopefully these should have been removed by the malwarebytes.<br /><br />Now open the notepad file saved on your desktop earlier<br /><br />Click on file-&gt; save as<br /><br />           - Select file type as all files<br />           - Name the file as fix.reg<br />           - Encoding should be Unicode<br />Run that file, it will edit the registry accordingly<br /><br />Now restart the computer in normal mode and everything should working fine.

