content/posts/symptoms-of-a-failing-agile-transformation-program.md, before:

+++
title = "5 Symptoms of a Failing Agile Transformation Program"
date = "2019-10-15T22:27:44+01:00"
draft = "false"
categories = ["Agile Delivery"]
tags = ["Agile Coaching", "Agile Transformation"]
author = "samueladesoga"
+++

##### Agile Transformation is a journey .. not a quick fix
The process of transforming an organisation to be Agile is a one that is ladden with continous learning and not a quick fix as some might make it seem. Orgianisations would often make the mistake of employing an Agile Coach for 3months to 1 year hoping that at the end of this period, the organisation would have completed their transformation journey. A great Agile Coach will always inform you that even after the engagement ends, the journey of Agile Transformation has not ended.

##### Fixation on Practices and Tools
Practices and Tools are mediums by which an Agile coach will attempt to change behaviour but ultimate what an Agile coach needs to fix the the Mindset. When an organisation has successfully, adopted an Agile Mindset, the practices and tools wouldn't matter as much as the organisation would be able to navigate the complex process of selecting appropriate Tools and Practices that are best suit suited to the organisation. Infact, in my coaching experience, I have seen organisation that drop certain practices and adopt new ones as they progress on their Agile Transformation journey.

##### Continuously leaning to an Agile Coach
At the beginning of an Agile Transformation Programme, the team would lean to the Agile Coach for almost every tricky situation and consult with the Agile Coach for guidance but it is expected that as the Transformation progresses, the team should gradually trust itself to self-guide and rely less on the Agile coach; and this is one characteristics of a truly successful Transformation program. The role of the Agile coach would change over time; In most cases, the agile coach would help set next goals and the team would periodically check-in with the Agile Coach for feedback. 

##### Team Transformation would NEVER be a success if Management is not on the same journey.
A group of people i.e team cannot be said to be have successfully gone through an Agile Transformation program if the management is not aligned with the same programme. The best examples of a successful Agile Transformation program are ones that are done Top to Bottom; there are certain pratices within Human Resources, Accounting, Budgeting, Line Management, Yearly review and Compensation that would be required to be aligned in other for the Agile Transformation to be successful. 

##### Ignoring context(Culture and background is important), No two organisations are the same.
A great coach understands that context plays a major part in differentiating between a failing Transformation program and one that is on it way to be successful. No two organisational structures would be exactly the same and one of the greatest mistakes an Agile Coach can make is to bring a 'golden' template along on the engagement.

Commit message:

added image to transformation post

content/posts/symptoms-of-a-failing-agile-transformation-program.md, after:

+++
title = "5 Symptoms of a Failing Agile Transformation Program"
date = "2019-10-15T22:27:44+01:00"
draft = "false"
categories = ["Agile Delivery"]
tags = ["Agile Coaching", "Agile Transformation"]
author = "samueladesoga"
image = "images/blog/change.jpg"
+++

##### Fix us Quick.
The process of transforming an organisation to be Agile is a one that is ladden with continous learning and not a quick fix as some might make it seem. Orgianisations would often make the mistake of employing an Agile Coach for 3months to 1 year hoping that at the end of this period, the organisation would have completed their transformation journey. A great Agile Coach will always inform you that even after the engagement ends, the journey of Agile Transformation has not ended.

##### Fixation on Practices and Tools.
Practices and Tools are mediums by which an Agile coach will attempt to change behaviour but ultimate what an Agile coach needs to fix the the Mindset. When an organisation has successfully, adopted an Agile Mindset, the practices and tools wouldn't matter as much as the organisation would be able to navigate the complex process of selecting appropriate Tools and Practices that are best suit suited to the organisation. Infact, in my coaching experience, I have seen organisation that drop certain practices and adopt new ones as they progress on their Agile Transformation journey.

##### Continuously leaning to an Agile Coach.
At the beginning of an Agile Transformation Programme, the team would lean to the Agile Coach for almost every tricky situation and consult with the Agile Coach for guidance but it is expected that as the Transformation progresses, the team should gradually trust itself to self-guide and rely less on the Agile coach; and this is one characteristics of a truly successful Transformation program. The role of the Agile coach would change over time; In most cases, the agile coach would help set next goals and the team would periodically check-in with the Agile Coach for feedback. 

##### Lack of Management buy-in to Agile Transformation.
A group of people i.e team cannot be said to be have successfully gone through an Agile Transformation program if the management is not aligned with the same programme. The best examples of a successful Agile Transformation program are ones that are done Top to Bottom; there are certain pratices within Human Resources, Accounting, Budgeting, Line Management, Yearly review and Compensation that would be required to be aligned in other for the Agile Transformation to be successful. 

##### Ignoring context(Culture and background is important).
A great coach understands that context plays a major part in differentiating between a failing Transformation program and one that is on it way to be successful. No two organisational structures would be exactly the same and one of the greatest mistakes an Agile Coach can make is to bring a 'golden' template along on the engagement.
